README.md, before:

# health meds tui

`health_meds_tui` is a terminal user interface (TUI) application designed to help users register and manage the medications they need to take.

This tool is especially useful for individuals who need to track daily medications and maintain an accurate record of their medication stock.

## Features
- Register medications you need to take
- Mark medications as daily
- Track medication stock levels

## Motivation

This project was created to assist people like myself who have brain dysplasia.

This condition causes random seizures due to a malformed brain during the inter-uterus phase.

Managing daily medication is critical for my health, and this application aims to make that process easier, at least for myself and others who spend the whole day in the terminal.

## Getting Started
To get started, clone the repository and run the application using Cargo:

```sh
cargo run
```

## Installation
Install dependencies using Cargo:

```sh
cargo build
```

## Running Tests
Run tests with:

```sh
cargo test
```

## License
MIT License

Commit message:

Refactor to core layer structure
- Moved domain entities and repository ports to src/core/
- Updated README.md with new project structure section
- No logic changes, only file organization

README.md, after:

# health meds tui

`health_meds_tui` is a terminal user interface (TUI) application designed to help users register and manage the medications they need to take.

This tool is especially useful for individuals who need to track daily medications and maintain an accurate record of their medication stock.

## Features
- Register medications you need to take
- Mark medications as daily
- Track medication stock levels

## Project Structure
- `src/core/`: Contains core domain entities and repository interfaces (ports) for Medication and MedicationsStock.

## Motivation

This project was created to assist people like myself who have brain dysplasia.

This condition causes random seizures due to a malformed brain during the inter-uterus phase.

Managing daily medication is critical for my health, and this application aims to make that process easier, at least for myself and others who spend the whole day in the terminal.

## Getting Started
To get started, clone the repository and run the application using Cargo:

```sh
cargo run
```

## Installation
Install dependencies using Cargo:

```sh
cargo build
```

## Running Tests
Run tests with:

```sh
cargo test
```

## License
MIT License
